Update Redis set up instructions in Lisk service docs (#1991)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: docs/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/setup/source.adoc

----
docker run --name redis_service -v /path/to/custom_redis.conf:/usr/local/etc/redis/redis.conf --port 6379:6379 -d redis:7-alpine
----

> NOTE: Starting with Lisk Service version 0.7.2 we strongly recommend using custom authentication in Redis. To learn more about it please check this {url_lisk_service_redis_auth}[guide^] in the Lisk Service repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Starting with the Lisk Service version `0.7.2`, we strongly recommend using custom authentication in Redis.
To learn more about it, please check the {url_lisk_service_redis_auth}[Redis Authentication README^] in the Lisk Service repository.
```
